All right guys so today our application is actually just we're turning hard coded data that is read
into the controller and that's not really what you see in a normal application.
What we have here is the first application is considered a UI project it's a web application and multi-tier
architecture especially with large development corporations.
There are different tiers there is like databased here there's different middleware tears and things
like that and then you have business logic and database logic class libraries and things of that nature.
So there's usually an abstraction layer that is between the UI and any sort of data that it's retrieving
and sending to.
And that's what we're going to look at here.
So in order to make our application robust we're going to want to go ahead and create a repository project
inside of here that's going to be the abstraction between the project and our database.
Now typically this may even be a separate project itself.
So whether or not you want to do that or not it's up to you but for the sake of this tutorial and to
try to make it easy.
Now what I want to do is go and add a new a new item and this is going to be an interface So this first
seen this but any time you're coding and C-Sharp you want to code to interfaces which really means coding
to abstractions.
So you can allow for dependency injection and we'll see in a moment what I'm talking about there.
Now with C-Sharp you typically want to name your interfaces.
They start with an eye to differentiate it from the class.
And in this case we're just going to call this
I would just call this and we'll just call this band interface
and really this is a bad name for it so I actually want to rename this.
We're going to call this band repository.
And then we're going to do is create a repository class and we're going to rename it.
Now we're going to create a and we want the interface to be public all interfaces need to be public
otherwise they won't be able to be implemented from.
And we're going to create a class that's actually going to use this interface and this this class is
going to be called just a band repository.
And now ban repository is going to implement the interface of a band repository and it's going to do
so that way.
Now if I ban repository had some methods on it which we don't currently have then you would get an error
message.
Let's go and add a few public methods on this band repository that we expect.
Any object that is going to inherit from band repository to to implement what's going to create the
first home which is going to return all bands.
So since this is more of like an API type of thing we want to have.
We'll just have like a method called
MOSI get bands I guess and this should probably be capitalized as well so we'll say get bands is the
name of our of our function and it's going to take no arguments so we just need to open and close parentheses
after this.
And then you also need to declare what type of value it's going to return right because it's C Sharp
and it's statically type nature.
So we're going to say that this is going to return a list of band objects and now we need to obviously
reference our models bands.
And that's why we're going to we're going to do here.
And then we just need a semicolon here.
So what we've done now is we've said that any class is going to implement the ban repository has to
have a public method on it called good bands.
That's going to return a list of band objects.
And then while we're at it we're going to also have a band method that's just going to say called it's
going to say get banned but you're going to pass and ID and it's in a return of band objects so now
we have these two public methods it's probably a good idea to go out and document them.
So if you do three forward slashes in a row it's going to automatically give you the summary contacts
and we could just say here gets all bands and data B's and then it returns a list of bands.
So that's how you give our documentation I'm not going to do for the other one but I just want to show
you guys that actually gives you type hinting when you're looking at your code late later on you can
say all good bands What is this all about.
And you can see it gets all Banse and the database which is kind of self-explanatory but still certain
methods are more complicated than others and that documentation becomes a little bit more crucial.
So after we've done that if we go back over to the band repository you now see that we're getting the
error message because it's saying you you haven't fulfilled the contract so when we click on it you
can do this you can say implement interface and it's going to automatically create the methods that
you need in order to satisfy the contract.
And here you can see that we're not really doing anything but what I want to do is take the music controller
information and where we had
I thought we had a list of bands some of with guns
you know.
Anyway so let me go back here.
I'm just going to say.
So forget bands.
I'm going to throw together a new list of bands So let's say our list of bands equals a new list of
band objects and then we can go out and start instantiating new band objects and hear just nice to say
new Actually no variable name here.
Sorry I copied and pasted from the controller so it is a little confusing here.
No semicolon.
All right so hopefully that will make sense for you.
All right.
OK.
And now we can just go out and just comma delimited and have a few more band objects inside of here.
So I just want to have three.
So those are just three different random things I don't know why I said Now you can see it's complaining.
It's I oh we haven't return our list of bands that we want to go and just return that.
And now we've satisfied this particular method of our repository.
So now what we're going to do is go back over to our music control or if we go to the index method which
is the main music end point and we go and right click and say go to view you're going to remember that
we did do a for each in here so we're expecting to get a list of band objects so we can then iterate
over.
So what we want to do here is we actually want to call out to our repositories so we can actually go
ahead and instantiate a repository right now and we'll say repository equals new band repository and
this will give an error message because we have to actually import it.
So it should give you the option to go out and import that
so using first application repository.
Now we get this message here and we can go out and call it in our view we can say repository got good
bands and we have to call it as a function and then now let's go ahead and go back to our music page
and if we remove the details portion and we get the music you can now see that we're getting the values
back from our list and it's coming from a repository which is a class that implements an interface.
And in the next video we'll see a little bit more about how to implement dependency injection into our
controller or actually more like using an version of control.
All right thanks guys.